{"ref": "Advocate fair competition, oppose deceit and fraud, and promote a diverse and flourishing cyberspace; advocate unity and cooperation, oppose harming others to benefit oneself, and promote mutual benefit and win-win outcomes in cyberspace."}
{"ref": "In short, perhaps more overseas companies believe that the costs of listing in the U.S. outweigh the benefits and therefore choose to exit, but this by no means implies that they are prepared to abandon the U.S. market."}
{"ref": "He believes that in such a panic-stricken market environment, it is extremely difficult for gold to stay afloat unscathed, and that talk of breaking through the key $1,000 threshold is likely just another pipe dream."}
{"ref": "The police stated that the students' actions constitute an act of heroism, noting that it was highly commendable for them to step forward courageously at the critical moment when the elderly person fell into the water. It is understood that the elderly person suffers from a mild mental illness and, after the hospital's all-out rescue efforts, has been pulled through and is now out of danger."}
{"ref": "Of course, the methods mentioned above are merely a few limited yet effective revision strategies. Approaches to the final sprint should be diverse and by no means limited to these; furthermore, they should be tailored to the unique characteristics of each candidate. Wishing all candidates a victorious start and great success!"}
{"ref": "Flowing into yet another long river of this life, \nAt the place where Zhaojun dismounted. \nStones, riding upon history, are still speaking.\n The grass is the green of yesteryear, T\nhe flowers hold the fragrance of the past.\n A herd of cattle and sheep know nothing of today, \nHeads bowed, humble and cautious.\n In the meticulous passage of time,\n Drinking the water and remembering the source. \nPeople sit amidst the aroma of wine, \nAutumn waters of South Lake,\n a night clear of mist."}
{"ref": "This conviction is not about seeking a life of idle satiety, nor about striving for longevity. Since one cannot live twice, the ultimate question is how to fulfill the true meaning and value of life before death. Even if shattered to pieces, one must—like jade striking the ground with a resonant, metallic ring—leave behind a lingering echo, and let the radiance of life burst forth upon the world."}
{"ref": "While the others managed to maintain their composure, weapons drawn and scanning for threats, Li Wenbin alone was seized by a flustered panic. He dove headfirst into the undergrowth with his rear sticking high in the air and hands clutching his head, cutting a truly wretched figure. His companions covered their faces to stifle their snickers, and Li Wenbin’s authority instantly plummeted."}
{"ref": "“How do you plan to be king?” the animals asked skeptically.\n“First, I will mediate disputes impartially and fairly. Second, I will manage state affairs diligently and without complaint. Third, when facing strong enemies, I will lead the charge and fight at the forefront. This is my inaugural speech.”"}
{"ref": "He was worldly-wise and seasoned by the vicissitudes of life, able to turn like a compass needle; his North Star was fickle, never fixed. Thanks to his ingratiating honeyed words, he was despicable enough to remain forever unscathed; moreover, his eloquence flowed like a rushing river (unless, of course, the price was not right)."}
{"ref": "When I first followed my colleague to the stock exchange, I was destined to form an indissoluble bond with stocks. Seventeen years have seen me taste the full range of the stock market's joys and sorrows. After many ups and downs, I have become a veteran, and the past remains vivid in my mind!\n1. The sea of bitterness is boundless; turn back and the shore is at hand."}
{"ref": "The remnants of the defeated army fled for a long time before finally coming to a halt. He looked up to the heavens and lamented, 'I raised an army at the age of twenty-five and have been invincible, conquering all before me. Now, in my twilight years, to suffer such a crushing defeat—it is enough to vex me to death!'When news of the victory in the Defense of Ningyuan reached the Imperial Court, the entire court was jubilant, and everyone raised their cups in celebration."}
{"ref": "For newlyweds, expect a constant stream of friends and family visiting to offer their blessings. Given this, the living room decor shouldn't be too avant-garde; instead, prioritize comfort and intimacy. The goal is a space that is cozy for you, yet makes guests feel right at home. Plush fabric sofas and throw pillows are absolute must-haves."}
{"ref": "I said, \"Stop generalizing; let's just stick to the matter at hand.\"\nMy son replied, \"For years, I’ve been watching from the sidelines, and I feel you put the computer on a pedestal. You're afraid to touch this or move that. The biggest mental block for you mothers is that you worship the computer like a god."}
{"ref": "Constantly on edge, afraid of saying the wrong thing, making mistakes, or offending others. Seventh, guard against sorrow: Misfortunes experienced in life often resurface before one's eyes, causing grief to well up from within involuntarily. Eighth, guard against suspicion: Those of a suspicious nature always imagine others are plotting against them. They feel compelled to be hyper-vigilant in every word and deed, leading to restlessness and chronic insomnia."}
{"ref": "In a shameful corner stood a wretched guillotine—furtive, panic-stricken, and shamefaced. It looked for all the world as if it were constantly on tenterhooks, terrified of being caught red-handed in some foul deed—for it would slink away the moment its dirty work was done. How could all this fail to be gratifying?"}
{"ref": "In this light, the true charm of fighting lies in the battle-ready anticipation after the gauntlet is thrown, the daggers-drawn tension before the fray, the verbal crossfire during mediation, the clinking of cups after the dust settles, the boundless chivalry upon reunion, and the shoulder-to-shoulder combat in battles to come. As this cycle repeats, the ranks of pacifists grow ever larger."}
{"ref": "The Baron's brazen insults are simply insufferable; mark my words, you shameless fanatic, for the sake of honor, I shall take it upon myself to exact revenge.Subjected to such brazen insults from the crowd, he alone could shoulder the burden of vengeance; even if it cost him his life, he would not swallow such humiliation in silence."}
{"ref": "It seemed there would be no quarrel, no stormy outbursts; the air was now calm. Yet, Mom asked another ill-timed question: 'Do you want to see what I looked like at your age?' The daughter's reply was odd, too, and equally out of place: 'Later. Mom, please, let's look at it later."}
{"ref": "In terms of the ways of the world, he was still a greenhorn; but when it came to scholarship, he was in his element. No matter how eloquent the Bureau Chief might be, he was unlikely to be more demanding and eccentric than the professors at a master's thesis defense. Ask a woodcutter how to eat Western food, and he might be completely out of his depth; but ask him how to chop firewood—wouldn't that be child's play?"}
{"ref": "You are about to face retribution for your idleness.\" With these words, the plow ox lowered its head back under the yoke and trudged on, pulling its cart laden with fertilizer.\nYou should live an upright and honorable life; take heed at all times, and never indulge in sloth. If you remain unashamed, you will inevitably reap the bitter fruit of your own actions."}
{"ref": "He painted it, rendering it with such striking verisimilitude that it seemed to come alive. Time and again his art deceived the eye; at first glance, people would mistake his work for the real object, never suspecting it was a painting. For centuries, this art form had been regarded as lowbrow and unworthy of the Hall of Elegance, yet in his hands, it was revitalized and restored to glory."}
{"ref": "Throughout the ages, emperors have often been deified—regarded as sacred and inviolable, mysterious and unfathomable. Consequently, they were worshipped as living gods, giving rise to the title 'Son of Heaven.' In reality, however, emperors are but human; they have their virtues and vices. History has seen enlightened sovereigns of grand strategy and bold vision who brought peace and stability to the nation, as well as fatuous and incompetent tyrants."}
{"ref": "There was a time when he \"looked up at the sky and laughed as he walked out the door,\" loudly chanting, \"How could people like us be mere commoners?\" The intrigue and mutual deception of officialdom, the sanctimonious hypocrisy of the secular world, and the ruthless reality cooled his burning passion. How could the golden guise of an \"imperial scribe\" ever contain his uninhibited and untamed heart? Finally, after enduring the setbacks and agony of his official career, he found peace."}
{"ref": "“A suspicious-looking vagrant has been harassing our territory for quite some time, stirring up trouble and sowing discord. You are to capture this troublemaking fellow by tomorrow and execute him.”\n\n“It shall be done, My Lord.”\n\nThe policemen said this and left. The villain was one-eyed and failed to notice them winking at each other as they replied."}
{"ref": "Americans have never worshiped national leaders as gods, let alone obeyed them implicitly. However, Obama succumbed to the expectations of his supporters. He also believed himself to be the long-awaited savior they had been anticipating. The silence of the people dealt him a heavy blow. Yet, that feeling of a meteoric rise was so intoxicating that it almost made him lose his bearings."}
{"ref": "The usually amiable Taurus man, with his thoroughly pragmatic nature, absolutely cannot tolerate double-crossing betrayal. Do not attempt to test his sincerity; the rock-steady bull is content to graze, smiling at you like Jesus looking at His sheep. If you do not want the scene to shift to a Spanish bullring, witnessing the gruesome sight of rivers of blood and bodies strewn everywhere, absolutely do not make him jealous."}
{"ref": "What fun would life be for a Gemini without a few little tricks and some cleverness? Don't be fooled by his usual happy-go-lucky attitude; once the situation gets complicated, he will catch you completely off guard. While everyone else is fighting tooth and nail, he is the one sitting back and reaping the rewards. Yet, the moment he successfully captures everyone's attention, he coolly walks away like a hands-off prince, playing a game of hard-to-get with you."}
{"ref": "In reality, being part of the Eurozone and bound by the euro, it is sheer fantasy for Germans to think they can remain unscathed. The Eurozone was originally established with a grand vision of shared prosperity; naturally, now that the Greek debt crisis has triggered a wider European debt crisis, it is only logical that the losses are shared alike. When the city gate catches fire, the fish in the moat suffer—all the more so when flames are raging on all sides, and some areas have nearly been reduced to scorched earth."}
{"ref": "From this perspective, direct investment in commodities may be the most straightforward and effective way to hedge against inflation. However, the topic of commodity investment is often associated with shocking stories—from individuals going bankrupt speculating on futures to airlines suffering massive losses from crude oil hedging. Such examples abound, making the risks appear so high that they deter the ordinary investor."}
{"ref": "The vast sky tolerates the ravages of thunder and lightning to bring about gentle breezes and bright sunshine; the boundless ocean endures the fury of turbulent waves to reveal clear, rippling waters; the silent forest bears the cruelty of the law of the jungle to foster birdsong and fragrant flowers. It is precisely because the sky, the ocean, and the forest understand tolerance, know when to yield, and humble themselves to accept, that they possess such beauty and magnificence. Bending low opens up a wider world."}
{"ref": "Surveying the ever-changing landscape of the National College Entrance Examination (Gaokao) in recent years, what is required is a firm grasp of the new trends and directions in exam questions, coupled with advanced planning. By transitioning from a haze of confusion to absolute clarity, you will possess the strategic confidence of a commander with a million elite soldiers. Thus, in the heat of the battlefield, you can obliterate formidable obstacles with composed ease. With the transformative guidance of renowned teachers—and remembering that \"a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step\" and \"a nine-story tower rises from a pile of earth\"—let us help you successfully take the crucial first step in your exam review"}
{"ref": "Learning to appreciate yourself is equivalent to possessing the golden key to happiness. Appreciating yourself is not narcissism, nor is it arrogance; it is not self-intoxication, and it certainly is not complacency. Give yourself some confidence, a little joy, and a smile on your face—how then could you lack happiness in life? Celebrate yourself often, and learn to seek out a joyful state of mind."}
{"ref": "Perhaps people have gradually realized that the Internet and traditional industries are not mortal enemies, but rather a \"dynamic duo\" that complements each other perfectly. The retail industry is progressively exhibiting characteristics of channel integration, with the mutual penetration and convergence of online and offline spheres steadily increasing. Currently, Taobao has opened offline stores, while traditional enterprises venturing into the Internet are doing so in droves—ranging from Gome and Suning Appliance to Walmart and Carrefour, to name just a few."}
{"ref": "In summary, uncertainties abound in the commodity market, financial hegemony continues to manipulate the market, and the rules of the game change capriciously. Against the backdrop of the global debt crisis coexisting with a mixed outlook for world economic recovery, the US dollar remains the dominant factor influencing commodity trends. Accompanied by European and American economic policies and fueled by domestic regulatory adjustments, the shifting dynamics of capital and sentiment—interwoven with these three factors—are bound to trigger violent fluctuations in the commodity market."}
{"ref": "Chinese Red represents a profound spiritual culture unique to the Chinese people. It is a powerful force characterized by unceasing self-improvement, sincerity, diligence, kindness, and an indomitable will—a noble Chinese quality passed down for millennia. Liantianhong, a leading furniture enterprise, carries forward the torch of Chinese Red with boundless enthusiasm. Adhering to an integrity-based business philosophy, the company has pioneered the implementation of transparent workshop production, setting an industry benchmark and revitalizing the entire furniture sector."}
{"ref": "Character Traits: In *Journey to the West*, Tang Seng is depicted as a tall figure with refined manners and a gentle temperament, possessing profound knowledge of Buddhism. During his journey to the West to retrieve the scriptures, he encountered eighty-one tribulations yet remained unwavering in his devotion. With the assistance of Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie, and Monk Sha, he endured untold hardships and ultimately succeeded in retrieving the true scriptures. Sun Wukong, whose Dharma name is Xingzhe, is Tang Seng's eldest disciple. He possesses \"Fiery Eyes and Golden Pupils,\" is capable of seventy-two transformations, and can ride the clouds and mist. He abhors evil, fears no difficulties, and displays indomitable perseverance and fearless heroism."}
{"ref": "III. On Learning: I have my own set of experiences—\"cultivating an intuition for problems\" and \"avoiding staying up late.\" In fact, once practice makes perfect, even if a solution doesn't come effortlessly, you will at least be confident in your grasp of the material. I do not advocate the \"sea of questions\" strategy, as there is no need to repeatedly do virtually identical problems. Instead, we only need to compare and deeply reflect on similar questions to summarize the methods for solving them. This so-called \"problem intuition\" is similar to the \"language sense\" we often refer to in English learning."}
{"ref": "The World's Longest Man-Made Structure — The Great Wall of China\nThe magnificent and spectacular Great Wall winds across the peaks of the rugged mountains and lofty ridges of northern China, spanning a total length of over 6,700 kilometers. Its construction began during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States periods. It is a rare ancient military defense project in the history of human architecture, renowned worldwide for its long history, immense scale, and majestic grandeur. It has been listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List and is hailed as the \"Eighth Wonder of the World.\""}
{"ref": "It is understated because it possesses substance; it maintains its restraint because it is distinguished and rises above the common crowd. Fundamentally, luxury goods are preeminent, even unique. They allow for absolutely no compromise in quality or the embodiment of fashion, and possess impeccable superiority in terms of artistic and stylistic culture. Luxury goods are certainly not necessities of life, but their unparalleled craftsmanship and profound brand heritage undoubtedly make them indispensable to life."}
{"ref": "Although her legs felt as heavy as lead, she still strode briskly across the street toward the parking garage. Now, she was drowsy; driving alone on the fluorescent-lit concrete ramps, she felt her consciousness blurring. Seventeen hours ago, when she had first parked here, two vans had been parked on either side, positioned so close together that she had been forced to squeeze her way out of the car. Now, her battered Taurus sat like an orphan, all alone on the eighth level."}
{"ref": "Ten years ago, perhaps no one realized that the Internet could become mobile via laptop computers, just as twenty years ago people could not have imagined that a telephone could fit into a pocket, constantly accompanying modern people in their work and daily lives. Today, however, a wide variety of smart terminals are exuding unprecedented magic, subtly transforming the way humans live. Over the next decade, it is highly likely that even more disruptive innovations will emerge in fields such as terminals, display technology, virtual reality, information sharing, and consumer electronics."}
{"ref": "We advocate team spirit, and we also revere the heroism of risking one's life to save a comrade; however, we must ensure that we do not become a burden or liability to our fellows, and strive to prevent them from taking unnecessary risks to rescue us. Therefore, rigorous training and the ability to make split-second decisions on the ground are absolutely essential! Until you have faced a hail of bullets, spare us your armchair strategies. There are some things that a student officer fresh out of school like you simply cannot understand!"}
{"ref": "I blame myself for failing to deeply comprehend the five-character verses of the white poplar and the seven-character verses of my grandfather; regarding the art of \"playing dumb,\" though I have made steady progress over time, I have yet to achieve complete enlightenment. Last night, a silent mosquito bit me on the neck, and I shouted aloud: \"How could you bite without making a sound? How could you not suck blood openly and aboveboard? How could you not learn to be a dignified mosquito, whistling as you charge toward my neck?\" And so, I live a life that is both exhausting and absurd, often hearing the humming laughter of insects."}
{"ref": "As barbecue spots spring up in every corner of the city, adding flavor to the nightlife, it remains a challenge to find delicious food paired with an elegant atmosphere. As the sun sets, the crimson sky meets the lush green turf of the course; against this stunning backdrop, tables are artfully arranged according to the terrain. Grill masters cook with skill, servers weave through the crowd, and customers chat and laugh in perfect relaxation. With soothing music playing in the background, the atmosphere is truly enchanting."}
{"ref": "Upon hearing my words, the old gentleman let out a long sigh: \"Alas, I have survived countless brushes with death; it is truly a long story!\" Thus, this naturally haughty and self-willed old gentleman finally laid bare his tumultuous life and inner world for the first time to me, a writer who was a complete stranger to him... As he recounted his story—at times impassioned, at times somber, at times with old tears streaming down his face, and at times laughing heartily—I perceived the sweeping and tragic life of this weather-beaten septuagenarian, as well as the irresistible hand of fate..."}
{"ref": "Viewed in this light, Western politics is far from as clean as people imagine. Beneath the façade of integrity surges filth and mire, though this filth merely possesses a distinctively Western flavor. In public, they grandly \"sow\"; in private, they justifiably and legally \"harvest.\" Calculating politicians and shrewd capitalists operate in tacit coordination. The game of quid pro quo and power-for-money deals between officials and businesspeople is played so masterfully that it has reached the level of being open and lawful—so masterfully, in fact, that Western democracy and the rule of law are powerless against it."}
{"ref": "After hours of wading through the water, a massive, wide-open cavern suddenly burst into view. \"Heavens! This isn't an underground cave; it's a veritable underground forest!\" a team member exclaimed. The chamber was the size of a basketball court, with a floor rugged with jagged rocks, gurgling streams, and crisscrossing gullies. Stalagmites as thick as bowls towered over ten meters high, alongside massive stone curtains, jagged draperies, and gnarled pillars... a myriad of bizarre shapes resembling a primeval forest. Coupled with the abundance of crystals sparkling under the lights, walking through it felt like stepping into a fairytale world."}
{"ref": "The scale of the heart can also shrink until it is minuscule, able to hold only a home, a person, a sesame seed, or a drop of a virus. A wisp of rain can drown it. A breath of wind can shatter it. A single rumor can cause it unbearable agony. A conspiracy can doom it beyond redemption. The heart can be hard, harder than any metal known to the world. The heart can be soft, tender as a sob, smooth as silk and satin. The heart can be resilient, remaining as smooth as ever after a thousand injuries and grievances. The heart can be brittle, shattering like precious jade with a single careless slip."}
{"ref": "Strolling through the grounds, one finds shaded groves and flowers vying in splendor, creating a secluded tranquility that is breathtakingly beautiful; a gentle breeze wafts delicate fragrances, bringing an instant sense of refreshment and relaxation. Winding stone paths lead to secluded spots, amidst artfully arranged vegetation and the melodious sound of murmuring water, where multi-layered landscapes interweave to form a vivid tableau of life. The scenery shifts with every step: every flower and leaf, every blade of grass and tree, every stone and spring reveals a unique charm, taking one far from the clamor of the world to experience the harmony between humanity and nature—a beauty that cleanses the soul. Wandering amidst such scenery, one enjoys the sheer delight of life."}
{"ref": "The exasperated original whaler said, \"This is the whale we caught.\" The gloating current whaler replied, \"Then how come it's here with us?\" The exasperated party said, \"It got away again.\" The gloating party retorted, \"Well, you should have tied it fast.\" The exasperated party said:"}
{"ref": "Your sanctimonious facade cannot mask your arrogance and your greed! Pretentious doctors, raving witches, and silver-tongued charlatans are mocking our incompetence—beware the slap! You, ungrateful husbands, who pride yourselves on being shrewd and capable, yet hold love and kindness in contempt;"}
{"ref": "A two-month-long farce has finally died down, yet it remains unclear to us why Foxconn is so enraged by these two reports. Deep-pocketed corporations are never short of strategists; their crisis PR tactics can employ high-profile indignation just as readily as tearful appeals. Perhaps this is a move to make an example of someone, or perhaps it is merely a diversionary tactic."}
{"ref": "Rewards are dispensed according to merit. The delicacies rightfully belong to it.I find you both pitiful and laughable, and so arrogant,' the wild duck replied. 'Your perspective is misguided. We wild ducks roam to the ends of the earth, untethered and carefree, at home wherever we go. You, however, live under a master's roof; we survive by our own strength, while you beg for scraps from humans."}
{"ref": "The opening of an essay is the most difficult task. To be captivating, it must be striking and vigorous, straight to the point, and incisive; there is no need to beat around the bush or rely on clichés.He also told me that when reasoning reaches an inextricable deadlock, introducing a metaphor will make all the convoluted arguments resolve themselves effortlessly—what economy, what finesse! Insights of this kind..."}
{"ref": "She began to perform divination with great solemnity. After a flurry of activity, she made a show of examining the sand tray and performing calculations; then, raising her head and eyeing Kudi, she said: “You damned shameless scoundrel! How dare you spout nonsense in my presence! The divination clearly states that your name is Kudi, a heinous bandit who murders, plunders, and stops at no evil.”"}
{"ref": "The castle was indeed a paradise. Upon witnessing the magnificent architecture, he was mesmerized, filled with both amazement and envy. They strolled through the gardens, picking fresh fruit to eat, intoxicated by the birdsong and fragrant flowers, lingering with no thought of returning. By the time they had finished their leisurely tour of the entire castle, night had fallen, so they returned to the hall by the pool, intending to spend the night there."}
{"ref": "The air conditioning was indeed effective. The cool, fresh air, the orderly layout, the impeccably dressed guests, and the courteous waiters—all of this made the place feel like a world apart, exceptionally comfortable. It is always people who spoil the scenery. Those well-dressed gentlemen were all eating until their faces glistened with grease, which was very unpleasant to look at. They all nodded in greeting to Nikolai, and for some reason, some even winked at him."}
{"ref": "The Japanese began to waver; seeing that they were at the end of their tether and all was lost, they finally abandoned resistance and fled towards the city. The armored trains continued to shuttle back and forth, mopping up the enemy remnants. Like two majestic land dragons charging triumphantly forward, they crushed everything in their path with unstoppable momentum, blasting the enemy's bunkers into flat ground and sending those too slow to escape to their doom. They stood as a soul-stirring declaration of victory for the Chinese army, proclaiming that the end had come for the recalcitrant invaders."}
{"ref": "Everything reactionary is the same; if you don't hit it, it won't fall. This is also like sweeping the floor; as a rule, where the broom does not reach, the dust will not vanish of itself. You are all done for; only I, Zhang Pujing, a loyal Bolshevik, am filled with righteousness, incorruptible, half-hearted, fallen flat on my back, prostrate in admiration, in excellent fortune, the Marco Polo Bridge Incident, the Eight Immortals crossing the sea, the Nine Provinces of China, and absolutely perfect. Haha, a revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting or embroidering, or frying dough sticks. The proletariat has exercised dictatorship over all of you monsters and demons."}
{"ref": "Everything reactionary is the same; if you don't hit it, it won't fall. This is also like sweeping the floor; as a rule, where the broom does not reach, the dust will not vanish of itself. You are all done for; only I, Zhang Pujing, a loyal Bolshevik, am filled with righteousness, incorruptible, half-hearted, fallen flat on my back, prostrate in admiration, sailing smoothly, the Marco Polo Bridge Incident, the Eight Immortals crossing the sea, the vast land of China, and absolutely perfect. Haha, a revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting or embroidering, or frying dough sticks. The proletariat has exercised dictatorship over all of you monsters and demons."}
{"ref": "Excessive adulation of top scorers in the college entrance examination can make them feel superior to others. Some may develop a sense of complacency, becoming arrogant and self-centered; in their future work and lives, they may unconsciously lower their standards, rest on their laurels, and find it difficult to cooperate with others. Alternatively, others may feel that they must never be inferior to anyone, leading to an excessive pursuit of perfection where they become overcautious, indecisive, and rigidly conventional. These tendencies can deprive former top scorers of creativity and passion, ultimately preventing them from achieving great success."}
{"ref": "I will treat every one of my patients equally, regardless of whether their clothes are luxurious or shabby, whether their appearance is handsome or ugly, whether they are wealthy or destitute, whether their status is high or low, whether they are spotless or covered in sores, whether they suffer from a complex, intractable disease or a minor ailment, whether they treat me with courtesy or insolence, whether they are cultured or illiterate, whether they are witty or dull, and whether they are dignitaries or commoners..."}
{"ref": "Love is free. That involuntary admiration, that uncontrollable longing, that deep affection of standing together through thick and thin, and that devoted love of mutual support—these are the deepest solace and most steadfast reliance in life. And all of this is free. Furthermore, it is something money cannot buy. Goals are free. Whether a prince living in luxury or a wanderer in rags, anyone willing can set a goal for their life. This goal can be great or ordinary, glorious or simple; as long as you are willing, it is yours to have."}
{"ref": "Once you have set your goals, you should concentrate your energy, map out the path to success, and then press forward with all your might, without being half-hearted, hesitant, or wavering. Throughout this process, you must strictly eliminate doubt and fear, as they will undermine your morale, disrupt your momentum, and hinder your all-out efforts to achieve your goals; those whose hearts are filled with doubt and fear will ultimately achieve nothing and gain nothing. When doubt and fear creep into your mind, your goals, energy, motivation, and all steadfast thoughts will suffer a severe impact and completely collapse."}
{"ref": "A person of good upbringing is filled with respect, awe, and admiration for the many excellent qualities of humanity, such as loyalty, bravery, trustworthiness, diligence, mutual assistance, self-sacrifice, fearlessness in the face of danger, endurance, and unyielding integrity. Not everyone may be able to embody these virtues personally, but they know how to cherish and extol them. It is not that a person cannot be cowardly or lazy, but one must not disguise these vices as high moral character, nor slander those who have achieved nobility as hypocrites simply because one cannot attain it oneself. You may kneel in the mud, but you must not smear that filth across the chest of the entire world and then self-righteously claim that dirt is everywhere."}
{"ref": "In this world, there are silent beginnings and spectacular beginnings; cautious beginnings and bold, sweeping ones; veiled beginnings and acquiescent ones; beginnings harboring ulterior motives and those that are open and aboveboard. For every journey in life and every undertaking, different people adopt different ways to start. These approaches reflect one's disposition, vision, courage, demeanor, and breadth of mind in navigating life."}
{"ref": "Generally speaking, the final review stage adds the finishing touch to the entire exam preparation process. Therefore, we must attach great importance to this final phase to avoid mistakes that could render all previous efforts futile and let success slip through our fingers. The following points clarify several common pitfalls."}
{"ref": "Currently, the broader market is leaderless, with major sectors undergoing rotational corrections and support efforts proving ineffective. Mainstream capital faces significant operational challenges, leaving the market extremely weak and skittish. Any negative news triggers immediate panic, exacerbating sell-offs. Meanwhile, sideline capital remains on the fence; coupled with the pre-holiday period and a weak appetite for long positions, market sentiment has become further demoralized."}
{"ref": "The stubbornly resisting  Japanese troops were already at their last gasp. The battle line they struggled to uphold was like a warship riddled with holes and leaking at every seam; struck by this fatal blow, it immediately disintegrated like weathered rock.\nIn truth, stopping the armored train’s advance would have been no difficult task—simply tearing up the tracks in advance would have done the job."}
{"ref": "Passing off fakes as the real thing: How can you distinguish authenticity? As collectible walnuts become increasingly recognized and popular, market prices have surged, and high-tech counterfeits abound. Old Hu was duped when he first started, but now he is widely experienced. He even sleeps clutching his walnuts at night, and virtually nothing can fool him anymore. Here, he shares a few tips with readers of the Evening News on how to distinguish the real from the fake."}
{"ref": "My life has been much like anyone else’s; I have traversed both broad, open highways and precarious single-log bridges. I have made my way along a rough and winding path. I must admit that I have been quite lucky; the success I have achieved and the hollow fame I have acquired are somewhat undeserved. On the other hand, the misfortunes I have suffered are of a kind rarely experienced by ordinary people. During that appalling so-called \"Great Revolution,\" I nearly paid with my life for daring to speak out for justice. The physical suffering I endured is something I will never forget."}
{"ref": "Zhuge Liang may well be considered one of the greatest military strategists in Chinese history. While in Longzhong, he likened himself to Guan Zhong—what immense confidence! And how remarkably accurate was his prediction of the Tripartite Division of the realm! Fresh from his thatched cottage, he faced Xiahou Dun’s army of one hundred thousand without a shred of fear; with the fire at Bowang Slope, he won the wholehearted admiration of Guan Yu and Zhang Fei; with the fire at Xinye, he struck terror into the heart of Cao Ren; with his masterful stratagems in silk bags, he thrice provoked Zhou Yu, displaying humor alongside his brilliance; unwaveringly loyal, he refused to proclaim himself emperor despite Liu Bei’s express permission; and when forced to employ the Empty Fort Strategy due to a strategic error, his composure compels admiration. However, what moves me most is none of these, but rather the \"Autumn Wind at Wuzhang Plains.\""}
{"ref": "As night fell on the mountain village, we would hear sharp waves of dog barking rising and falling. Past midnight, the barking grew faint and distant.Lights in the windows lit up one after another, blooming like the tender hearts of cabbages with their pale, clean faces... and the moonlight, too, was washing its face by the water tap in the courtyard..."}
{"ref": "Point-blank shots blasted over; headers in front of goal inexplicably wide; even one-on-ones squandered...Starved of match practice in domestic leagues, the National Youth Team’s finishing is woeful. This remains the current squad's Achilles' heel."}
{"ref": "However, in a sociological sense, the contemporary Palestinian and Israeli sides are sworn enemies. The reason lies both in the estrangement, indifference, suspicion, and hostility resulting from the Jewish exodus from Palestine in 556 BC—which scattered them across the world and kept the two brothers apart for over a thousand years—and in the return of the Jewish people to Palestine two thousand years later to establish the State of Israel. Consequently, their mutual struggle turned into slaughter, and all brotherly affection has been obliterated."}
{"ref": "As national policies descend and the industry landscape takes a sharp turn for the worse, ceramic production areas bear the brunt. Like beasts trapped in a predicament, the production hubs are struggling, and ceramic enterprises are searching for a way forward. While the striking cold wave brings shock and pain to these areas, it also allows them to see the path to the future with greater clarity. Read more: Industry Situation Takes a Nosedive as Ceramic Production Areas Struggle Like Trapped Beasts."}
{"ref": "Stepping into Su Garden and wandering through the Suzhou-style courtyards, one encounters small bridges over flowing water, whitewashed walls with dark tiles, winding paths leading to secluded spots, and twisting turns that reveal new vistas. The scenery shifts with every step, offering endless variations. The most profound impression is that its rigorous and exquisite construction craftsmanship shares the same masterful approach as the Imperial Garden in the Forbidden City. The arrangement of corridors, pavilions, and waterside terraces is layered and harmoniously interspersed; this creates an effect where a walk along a mere 20-meter path conveys a visual sense of vastness spanning miles, instantly making one feel as though they are wandering inside a painting."}
{"ref": "The situation on the battlefield is inherently volatile, and since ancient times, there has been no fixed formula for victory. Decisions regarding how to arrange formations and deploy troops, whether to attack or defend, whether to engage in positional or mobile warfare, whether to voluntarily abandon a position or hold a city, and which specific sectors to yield or defend, should all be made by the frontline commanders themselves; the supreme commander should not interfere excessively. In fact, any strategy or tactic can be integrated and applied flexibly. It is difficult to say which method is definitely superior; just as \"all roads lead to Rome,\" victory is the only hard truth."}
{"ref": "The novel is the backlight of the soul. By infusing a part of your soul into the work, you endow it with your flesh and blood, thereby achieving artistic height. This involves two issues: first, a writer must scrutinize the true state of their own soul and must first mold themselves; second, the power of sincerity is immense. The significance of sincerity here lies not only in overcorrection but also in abandoning the creative habits of affectation, fawning, sensationalism, and opportunism. Do not beat around the bush, do not go to ridiculous lengths to do the obvious, and do not peddle sincerity like snake oil; I believe sincerity should be an attitude towards existence, especially for writers."}
{"ref": "That weather-beaten locust tree before the window; the moon, returned to its place, hangs motionless upon the motionless locust branches like a bell, yet so far from any tolling. I know, one must not expect mere dust to ring like gold when striking the ground; yet it is precisely this dust-like moonlight that makes the silent midnight feel all the more like a midnight shipwreck."}
{"ref": "Though he is ruthless, cold-blooded, and treacherous, I am soft-hearted, benevolent, and seek to succor the world. In the gloomy Halls of Dis, as my spirit was engrossed in tracing runes and sigils, the anguished cry of Dulcinea del Toboso suddenly reached me; only then did I discover that she had, alas, fallen under an enchantment."}
{"ref": "Internet analyst Xu Dandan believes that Alibaba is suspected of burning bridges. \"Capital has its inherent nature, and it is only right and proper for it to consider the interests of its shareholders. Accepting investment means accepting the covenants of capital. One cannot worship it as a god when it is needed, only to cast it as a devil when it stands in one's way."}
{"ref": "Even the keenest gaze is rendered helpless! Dazzled, one dares not look directly at the Throne. We hail from the East, yet the upheaval lies in the West. The ranks are vast and interminable—from the vanguard, the rearguard is lost to sight. As the front lines fall, the rear presses on, vying to lead the charge; courage surges, long spears in hand. One fighting ten, ten fighting a hundred; countless lives, vanished without a trace."}
{"ref": "Just as he was beside himself with glee having snatched Zubailu, he had to leave on a long journey due to some business. When he returned home, he learned from his family that Zubailu, along with a bag of gold and silver from the house, had vanished without a trace. Hearing this news, he flew into a thunderous rage, fuming and glaring, beat and cursed himself, and even tore the clothes off his body. The more he thought about how all his efforts had been in vain, the angrier he became."}
{"ref": "2008 was no ordinary year. On the battlefield of domestic corporate public relations and marketing, it was nothing short of a bloodbath. For marketing and PR professionals, \"PR crises\" seemed to strike overnight like a formidable scourge, leaving them trembling with fear. Time flies, and in the blink of an eye, we are about to enter 2009. Looking back on this year, many business owners likely still harbor lingering fears, treading as if on thin ice."}
{"ref": "Leos rarely refuse requests at work; as long as they can showcase their talents and abilities, they will grit their teeth to help. However, this naturally leads to forgetfulness as their workload accumulates significantly. Therefore, a handy calendar and weekly planner are the most suitable lucky office items for them. Designs that are lively and whimsical are particularly good, as they align perfectly with a Leo's childlike nature, allowing them to resolve issues with ease no matter how busy they become."}
{"ref": "An outstanding essay should feature six or seven types of exquisite sentences: vivid and beautiful metaphors; magnificent parallelisms; emotionally charged personifications; culturally profound allusions; enlightening philosophical statements; complementary contrasts; and lively, elegant poetic lines. Skillful use of these gems ensures conciseness and depth, providing the finishing touch that illuminates the entire piece, maximizing impact with few words, and naturally elevating the literary quality."}
{"ref": "What is even more laughable is that, nowadays, Western economies remain at a complete loss; their money-printing machines are itching to go and their fiscal coffers are empty, yet they once again count on China to \"feed\" the world... All eyes are now turned toward China, the world's second-largest economy. If the US-dominated post-Cold War global order is indeed on its last legs, will this emerging economic superpower step forward? Or will it leave the West to swallow its own bitter pill? But this time, China may have the will but not the means."}
{"ref": "During his fifty-four-year reign, Emperor Wu of Han (Liu Che) expanded the empire's borders, establishing a vast territory stretching from Liaodong and the central Korean Peninsula in the east to modern-day Lake Balkhash in the west, reaching the heartland of Vietnam in the south, and extending north to the Sainshand line in Outer Mongolia. The population under his rule reached nearly 60 million. In all fairness, among the hundreds of emperors in Chinese history, those capable of expanding the realm like Emperor Wu are truly few and far between. For the others, simply safeguarding their patrimony without becoming prodigal sons who forfeited sovereignty and humiliated the nation was achievement enough. In this sense alone, Emperor Wu deserves to be called a visionary emperor of great talent and bold strategy."}
{"ref": "His short stories often depict the mundane trifles of common folk. While they lack dramatic ups and downs, they strike the reader as refreshing thanks to a singular perspective and an unmistakable personal voice.\nHe excels at crafting unique, individualized characters, which is precisely the hallmark of a literary genius."}
{"ref": "Some people bluff and bluster, trading on borrowed prestige. At every turn, they claim to be 'industry leaders' or 'pioneers' to generate hype and package themselves, chattering endlessly to promote and hawk themselves amidst the deluge of information. Others, adhering to a philosophy of hiding one's light, maintaining integrity, and accumulating strength for the future, simply bury their heads in their work without making a sound."}
{"ref": "In reality, why are 'flame wars' always so all-consuming, refusing to die down even after months? What forces are fanning the flames from behind the scenes? And what exactly is subliminally influencing the judgment and opinions of netizens? Not only ordinary users, but even some website administrators remain completely baffled by this."}
{"ref": "In the evening, he spread out his manuscript paper, preparing to write an article to earn back that 20 yuan. That night, the title of his article was: On the Necessity and Possibility of Morality? He declared: “In an era of depraved materialism, we must hold high the banner of morality to oppose enslavement to material things.” That night, his essay forged ahead triumphantly—intense, indignant, bitter and heart-wrenching, systematically persuasive, with blood boiling and heart tearing, laying bare his soul, sharp and uninhibited, fluid and soaring, pouring out like a rushing torrent…"}
{"ref": "1. Shenlun writing requires a visionary perspective. As a form of official writing, its most fundamental characteristics are a high level of conception and an elevated theme. The writing must focus on long-term interests, see through surface appearances to the essence, take a commanding overview, and be adept at elevating the subject matter. In other words, the resulting essay must possess a lofty ideological realm; it must absolutely not pander to vulgarity, nor should it be base, obscene, or filled with grievances."}
{"ref": "He is often melancholy, but his melancholy is compassion shown to the suffering. When he smiles, his smile is like the yearning of those seeking the unknown, like stardust drifting onto a child's eyelids, and like a piece of bread in the throat."}
{"ref": "Look further up again—how graceful and well-proportioned her shoulders are! Like twin lambs, like two jade peaks; truly as slender as autumn mountains, as level as autumn waters. Above the shoulders lies the face, the very focus where the songs and praises of the people converge."}
{"ref": "Even the lotus suffers the tragedy of the extermination of its nine clans. Lotus linked unto lotus, the thousand fingers of their petals clutched a summer fast, then let it slip away. Now it is the ghostly rain of an autumn night, pouring down on the water where shattered duckweed floats, like a blind Chopin with disheveled hair torturing a piano with a thousand keys."}
{"ref": "Listening to Zen under the moon, one's understanding becomes more transcendent; Discussing swords under the moon, one's chivalrous heart becomes more genuine; Discussing poetry under the moon, the mood grows more ethereal; Facing a beauty under the moon, the affection becomes more steadfast.\nThe art of appreciating the moon: when it is bright and clear, one should gaze upward; when it is hazy and dim, one should look downward.\nThe spring breeze is like wine; the summer breeze is like tea; the autumn breeze is like smoke; the winter breeze is pungent like ginger and mustard."}
{"ref": "Riding the waves of blood aboard a tiny red skiff, he made his graceful entrance into this damp, frigid world.His final leap was ejected from the gate of life by roiling heat waves, like mud and sand swept down by a flash flood.The infant’s frenzied cries rang out like glass cups clashing and shattering."}
{"ref": "If China gains another gloomy writer, this north-facing study is to blame. Sitting in the shadow of this north-facing window, I feel like a fruit pregnant with the South, kept cold in a refrigerator. By day, I seem submerged at the bottom of the sea, the desolate gloom playing gray music."}
{"ref": "The red candle is sentient; she is unsparing of her life, yet clings to it with intense attachment. Whenever she is on the verge of burning out, the charred wick rears up in the flame like a spine, convulsing yet holding fast. It bears a striking resemblance to a warrior suddenly shot, who freezes in mid-air into an unyielding sculpture, before collapsing heavily into a pool of crimson blood..."}
{"ref": "Stepping out to gaze at the sky, I perceive its warp and weft, and thereby examine my own conduct.\nWhen the sun emerges after the rain, silver beads hang in clusters, glistening in unison—one sun multiplying into countless suns.\nThere is no need to sweep the old cobwebs in the corner; let the dust accumulate. Over time, the strands thicken like the coiled roots of an ancient tree, forming a three-dimensional mural.\nRead tradition in it, read modernity—read it often, and it is forever new."}
{"ref": "Spring is always the first to knock on the garden's bamboo gate, and then, torch by torch, it rekindles the flames extinguished last year. In this moment, Winter, keeping its lonely vigil in an empty chamber, is like a mournful wolf, abandoning its post to flee amidst the sudden blaze. The fire bewilders its lonely gaze, and the earth’s flowery skirt causes it to lose its way."}
{"ref": "The methods used to punish evil are more vicious than the evil itself, and the indiscriminate slaughter of the innocent is as casual as mowing down grass.Beneath the banners of loyalty, filial piety, integrity, and righteousness, blades flash and shadows loom; the price of such sweeping grandeur is a landscape strewn with corpses.The fundamental value of life is worth no more than a few stalks of withered grass trampled by horse hooves; the common people's right to survive is merely froth at the edge of a maelstrom."}
{"ref": "—Celestial sounds, the mystery of the infinite, the siege of the infinite upon the finite, or the stern yet gentle command of God. Music is the omniscient and omnipotent God of the notes; He is both the Creator—arranging and limiting the positions of the notes—and the Savior, provided the notes can hearken to and follow that unceasing and unremitting playing."}
{"ref": "All over the winding lotus pond, a field of lush leaves stretches as far as the eye can see. Rising high above the water, they look like the skirts of graceful dancers. Dotted here and there amidst the layers of leaves are white lotus blossoms, some blooming slender and graceful, others shyly in bud; they are like shimmering pearls, like stars in an azure sky, or like beauties fresh from the bath."}
{"ref": "Therefore, as for cities, if everything one encounters is merely young and glamorous, then surely the seasoning is insufficient and the harmony unresolved.This is much like writing: when adjectives resemble ladies in heavy makeup, and parallelisms stand like lovers clinging together, one has certainly not yet entered the true Way of literature.Writing at its zenith is like sparse paulownia trees along an old street, weathered seats beneath the boughs, and idle chatter amidst them—refined, yet unconstrained."}
{"ref": "The suffering of a single family does not affect the happiness of the world. Summer arrived inexorably; the silk tree blossoms, resembling pink powder puffs, brushed against the windowsill of the lonely, bleak hospital ward. The girl's head had become polygonal, and the long-healed cranial sutures were like cracked earth, stretching open into black voids beneath her paper-thin skin, as an inner demon expanded in all directions."}
{"ref": "Sitting in the shadow of this north-facing window, I feel like a fruit, cold-stored in a refrigerator, full with the essence of the South. By day, I seem submerged at the bottom of the sea, where desolate gloom plays gray music. At night, I seem to hear the sound of Eskimo sleds gliding, and the long beard of the North Star hangs down, clanging, striking clusters of white stalactites."}
{"ref": "They are as quiet as the bright moon, wishing not to disturb anyone, yet they have tangibly stirred up the entire surrounding area; this can truly be described as \"the moon rises and startles the mountain birds.\" Compared to the tranquility of Tao Yuanming, Wang Wei’s tranquility possesses a bit more of an aristocratic air and a touch more of exquisite design. His brilliance lies in being aristocratic in a way that is more common than the common people, and designed in a way that is more natural than nature itself."}
{"ref": "Even that brown tea table is painted with deep feeling—a docile little rectangle, bearing all the liveliness atop it. There is another larger piece featuring white magnolias, thin and luminous, resembling both jade and crystal, evoking the cool sensation of the jade fish Yang Guifei held in her mouth to soothe a toothache. The resilient lines of the winter jasmine stretch and strain; its command over life is at once unhurried and domineering."}
{"ref": "\"Vast and boundless, returning to the Great Wilderness!\" When reading this passage, what I feel is not sorrow, but beauty. It feels just like reading the *Records of the Grand Historian* where Jing Ke, clad in white, crosses the Yi River to assassinate the King of Qin—it is full of vivid color. Just imagine: the son of a noble house, having seen through the vanity of the world, standing barefoot in the snow with a shaven head and a crimson cape, bowing in farewell to his father—what magnificent beauty that is!"}
{"ref": "We cannot bypass that dark, humiliating, and indifferent era, just as one cannot approach the Mogao Caves without confronting that ugly and desolate Taoist Tower. No matter how resplendent and magnificent the Dunhuang of our memories may be, it can ultimately never fill the emptiness of the Library Cave, never wash away the ghastly pallor within the Caves of the Thousand Buddhas, and never heal the bleeding wounds of an ancient nation on the horizon."}
{"ref": "Forgetfulness visits us with increasing frequency, becoming a faithful friend until death. I use this friend to sift through life; what is forgotten was naturally unnecessary to remember. The subconscious manipulates memory like wind directing a kite in an invisible realm. New and formidable threads weave an uneven sieve of memory, and the remaining curds are like cheese—sweetness enclosing hard lumps that grate against the teeth."}
{"ref": "His chest was broad and imposing, harboring the earth-shattering roars of his ancestors as they chased down fierce beasts. His pelvis dipped sharply inward, and the sharp, protruding bones indicated that powerful muscles had once attached there—muscles that, like the ropes of the Yellow River boat trackers, had hauled the entire body upward in gecko-like climbs. Then there were the limbs, resembling the long, beautiful tusks of an African elephant, emitting a gleam as smooth as cream."}
{"ref": "It was not until years later that I finally let go of my lingering resentment and acknowledged that that day marked a precipitous bend in the road of my life. It was not the art teacher's ridicule that drove me to destroy that painting of withered roses, but rather the sight of your talent—so dazzlingly brilliant—that led me to snap my paintbrush in a gesture of bitter regret. What is regret like? It is like a tiny mole on one's body; only you know its location and how it came to appear."}
{"ref": "I was on the balcony combing my hair, shedding strands like falling leaves; they fell in waves, fluttering against my arms like night rain. Far and near, car horns honked frantically; the gradually darkening sky spread out on all sides like a vast, misty lake. From a window on the bottom floor of the building opposite, a wisp of pale cooking smoke drifted out, rising with great hesitation, as if it did not quite know where the sky was."}
{"ref": "She carried a water pitcher in each hand, reminding me once again of a woman walking spiritedly along a slender tightrope. This was entirely due to her waist; her waist, oh, her waist was truly too supple—to use Bai Shui's words, it was soft enough to make me feel as if I were eating Suzhou taffy. And it was not just her waist; as I wrote so well in my diary: she possessed a set of curves that vied with the rosy clouds for beauty and rivaled the moonlit water for grace, weaving a vast and mesmerizing web!"}
{"ref": "\"Because of your language, you fall silent; when sinking to the deepest depths, you let yourself disappear.\" Losing language, and thus losing the self, losing the substance of existence, Yang Lian consequently realized that he had become a \"ghost\"; a ghost, drifting between cities, looking on with cold detachment (like an insect, a ghost is also an \"it,\" capable only of looking on), observing the complete annihilation of this thing called \"meaning.\" There is a sea, yet the harbor holds no meaning for you."}
{"ref": "The streetlights stood far apart, with stretches of darkness lying between the segments of light; my shadow emerged in the brightness, then vanished in the dark. A wind rising from nowhere stirred the mottled fallen leaves in waves, like stirring up the impressions of life. I felt like this hollow wind, able to capture my own existence only when shaking down or swirling up the colorful leaves."}
{"ref": "But we, standing on the open land—my father, my brother, my relatives, and many fellow villagers who had shed blood and sweat, weathered the scorching sun, and braved the wind and rain—stood dazed, listening to the distant thunder, with no one appearing to seek shelter from the northwest rain. Our hearts were more heavy and oppressive than the parched sky; everyone remained silent, for our hearts, too, were skies about to pour, and this rain within our hearts felt even more tragic and overwhelming than the northwest rain itself."}
{"ref": "Just imagine: if Tang Bohu and Emperor Qianlong were to be hailed as \"first-rate ancient Chinese poets,\" we would have no choice but to quietly commit the entire *Complete Tang Poems* to the flames. It is the same with calligraphy; when an astronomical price is paid for a work of merely average quality, it is as if a heap of gold has crushed the scales of Chinese calligraphy history. Confronted with this, I once sighed deeply: \"With the true cultural lineage obscured, small hills style themselves as peaks; with the mighty wings long gone, broken feathers pose as the Roc.\""}
{"ref": "The seizure struck abruptly. It was as if the girl had received a decree descending from the heavens; without any warning, she was seized by sudden convulsions. The soft, limp girl contracted into something as rigid as a rolling pin, every muscle gleaming like iron. Her tiny body arched like a bow drawn to shoot eagles, springing back against the snow-white sickbed. Countless beads of sweat dripped and splashed from this grotesque human bridge, pattering down like melting snow from the eaves in the warmth of spring."}
{"ref": "This unleashed power is solitary yet mighty, observing rules yet breaking them, blending intoxication with poetry; it is akin to the Dionysian spirit described by Nietzsche. Channeling this spirit, Zhang Xu wielded his brush like a staggering drunkard—swaying, dancing with abandon, free and elegant in posture—energetically executing every movement in one continuous flow, before casting aside his cup with a laugh and falling into a deep slumber. Zhang Xu was unaware that this drunken gait of his was, in fact, the very stride of Great Tang culture."}
{"ref": "But just as I held my breath and listened with bated interest, suddenly, they all fell silent in unison—these cicadas startled me once again! Like a rope, the sound of the cicadas had bound my heart tightly, then suddenly loosened its grip without warning, leaving my unprepared heart to scatter, like a wave striving to leap towards the sky only to crash onto the beach! I hadn't even realized when summer had crossed the threshold!"}
{"ref": "I once wept sorrowfully over your humiliation and disappointments. My tears were like streams, clear as crystal, yet they could not wash away your thick filth, but only washed away the scales covering my eyes; these tears could not moisten your hearts of stone in the slightest, but only quenched the anxious, fervent flame in my heart. Now, at your suffering, I laugh, and this laughter is like the roaring of thunder; it does not come after the storm, but resounds before it."}
{"ref": "I gradually came to realize that in the face of disaster, one cannot use the grammar of disaster; there is another grammar that leads directly to the poetic realm of spiritual freedom. From then on, the state of my life was never the same. Every time I read Zhuangzi’s *Autumn Floods*, *Free and Easy Wandering*, *Discussion on Making All Things Equal*, *The World*, and other chapters, it felt like I was looking at the electrocardiograms of my own heart. With a sage who feels so excessively intimate, I find it difficult to offer a calm and impartial critique, and thus I can only choose to shy away."}
{"ref": "You press your forehead against the gold-woven embroidery. When the sun was here, it heated the gold threads until they were scorching, yet now they have grown cold. The people of the past lived out their lives with such strenuous effort; their every deed has gradually been covered in dust. When their descendants air these clothes, they shake the dust loose again, sending it dancing in the yellow sunlight. If memory has a scent, it is the fragrance of camphor: sweet and reassuring, like clearly remembered happiness; sweet and wistful, like forgotten sorrow."}
{"ref": "It is precisely this state that brings them close to life, enabling us to feel close to them even after thousands of years. Yang Guifei’s liveliness, I imagine, is like a ceramic hot-water bottle—warm and smooth as jade, nestled at the foot of the bed. As the water inside gradually cools, it evokes a sense of gentle wistfulness. Su Qing, however, is a small red clay stove with its own independent fire. You can see the glowing red flames and hear the crackling and popping, yet it is rather difficult to tend to; adding coal and firewood stirs up choking smoke."}
{"ref": "Like surging tides and crashing waves, it beats against the emotions settled deep in your heart; in an instant, you feel that the sound of the cicadas, like wild waves scouring the sand, has snatched away the light sorrow you were clutching so tightly. The urgency of the cicadas' song comes to an abrupt halt at its highest note, much like a magnificent essay suddenly torn apart, scattering sonorous words and phrases that strike the ground with the resonance of metal and stone. Afterward, in the desolation and silence, it becomes nothing but broken scraps and fragments, leaving one with only a sense of wistfulness and sentimentality. Is this not, indeed, the song of life?"}
{"ref": "Here, there is an abundance of vibrant youth and hot, fiery hearts; there are no dispirited \"little old people,\" only vigorous \"old youths.\" The silvery-white moon paces lingeringly in the hollow sky; she seems to be weeping, resenting her own loneliness.... Then there is that swimming pool, always like a benevolent old grandmother, smiling with a face full of wrinkles; when she sees many lively children jumping into the water like little mermaids—splash, splash—she is so happy that she bursts into huge silver splashes."}
{"ref": "For thousands of years, there has been a wasteland of lost arts. On the far side of the wasteland are the shadowy figures of nameless, great artisans; on this side is a bewildered contemporary woman. The kiln fires blaze on both sides, like two beacon towers separated by vast distances, yet the signals they transmit are unerringly accurate. Countless other beacon towers are linked to war, but these two are the exception. Across the bloodshed of the Three Kingdoms, the struggles of the Sui and Tang, and the slaughter of the Song, Yuan, Ming, and Qing, only two wisps of the purest smoke rise to echo one another from afar."}
{"ref": "Lin Daiyu’s brokenness lies in her love that was etched into her very bones; Sanmao’s brokenness stems from a moment of sudden clarity and transcendence after enduring the vicissitudes of life; Van Gogh’s brokenness is the sun wielding a golden knife to inflict ceaseless agony upon him in the light; Beethoven’s brokenness is the solemn and stirring movement of life struck by black and white keys of the utmost spirituality. If the brokenness of ordinary people reveals the purest and most beautiful sparks of humanity, then the brokenness of these exceptional souls is like silver fireworks blooming across the sky above us."}
{"ref": "We wash our faces several times a day, yet they are never truly clean; we never wash our eyes in a lifetime, yet they remain forever bright. Since there is no spare room to exercise the function of a mop or broom, I do not waste money on them; after all, people are active creatures, acting as natural dust-repelling beads. Strangely, the air does not grow thin despite the cramped space. To see human breathing clearly, I treat cigarette smoke as tangible air: inhaling one mouthful and exhaling three, watching the smoke curl and spiral to the ceiling. Shrouded in these auspicious clouds, one can truly look down to examine the abundance of things, and look up to contemplate the vastness of the universe."}
{"ref": "To seek self-knowledge without first understanding others is merely a way of confining oneself to a corner, completely cutting oneself off from the world; it is to be no better than a summer insect that knows nothing of ice, a frog in a well, or a donkey in a mill. Only by understanding others can one truly possess self-knowledge; it is just like Princess Iron Fan’s fan—one must be able to expand it outward before one can gather it in. The more one knows and the broader one’s contact with the world—by dispersing oneself throughout the world and permeating all things to observe their sizes, shapes, weights, and textures—only then can one analyze the finest details and gradually, bit by bit, come to recognize one's true face."}
{"ref": "The singing flows like drifting clouds and running water, allowing one to cast aside worries and wander freely within it. Yet it is also like surging tides and raging waves, crashing against the emotions settling at the bottom of your heart; in an instant, you feel the cry of the cicada is like furious waves scouring the sand, snatching away the faint melancholy you clutched so tightly. The urgency of the cicada's song comes to an abrupt halt at its highest pitch, resembling a splendid essay suddenly torn asunder, scattering sonorous words that hit the ground with the ring of metal and stone. Afterward, silence and desolation reign, and the sound fades into broken fragments of a text, leaving one with only a sense of wistfulness and sentimentality."}
{"ref": "What nihilism is there to speak of? The affairs of God are unknown to man; human affairs consist in constructing and sustaining meaning within the siege of fate—one might even say helplessly—thereby redeeming both the present and eternity. Therefore, the \"Eternal Return\" is by no means a \"total affirmation of earthly life,\" but merely signifies that humans cannot escape earthly life, not even in death. As for affirmation, it points toward the pursuit of and transcendence into eternity, that is, the earth gazing up at the firmament—that vast music has always filled both heaven and earth."}
{"ref": "Viewing Master Xiaoyun’s Zen paintings, however, offers a completely different experience. The feeling is akin to reading the pastoral poetry of Tao Yuanming and Wang Wei late at night; with just a few brief strokes and faint ink, they do not incite turbulent emotions within the soul, but rather quiet our inner turbulence. It is not a matter of cramming something into our hearts, but rather of washing away the worldly cares that originally clogged them. It is like a mountain stream after a torrential rain: initially the water is turbid, but once the rain passes and the sky clears, the stream becomes entirely limpid, and the mud and filth of the mountains are washed completely away."}
{"ref": "The sound was now slow, now urgent; now high, now low; now loud, now deep; now broken, now continuous. Sometimes it was like the ringing of gold and jade, sometimes like the resonance of grand bells; sometimes like large and small pearls falling onto a jade plate, sometimes like red and white coral sinking into the sea; sometimes like the strumming of an unadorned zither, sometimes like the dance of thunderbolts; sometimes like a hundred birds contending in song, sometimes like a hare crouching and a falcon swooping. My imagination ran wild, and I could not contain myself; my heart burst with joy, and words flowed from my pen like the wind. The dead words seemed to come alive, and I, too, seemed to overflow once again with youthful vigor. I have rarely experienced such a spiritual state in my life, and it is something even more difficult to explain to others."}
{"ref": "Perhaps clouds are meant to roam the heavens; unlike the sun with its fiery wheels for feet, they will not descend to the mortal world to receive my gracious hospitality. This is nothing but an illusion of mine, yet it is an illusion simply too beautiful. If the blue sky is a wordless book of heaven, the clouds must be its wordless footnotes, while the tracks of my speeding car—translating the language of the clouds onto the road—are the newly published commentary. The sky sets the narrative with shifting shades of blue, the clouds depict it with clean strokes, and it is then left to my eyes to print; we are all recounting the story of Kuafu."}
{"ref": "I found it inconvenient to take them out to eat on the plane. When I tasted one back in the United States, it was too greasy and too spicy—nothing like the sausage rolls of my father's that I occasionally enjoyed. In Shanghai, our next-door neighbor was the Kiessling Café, which had recently relocated from wartime Tianjin. Every day at dawn, as they baked bread, it sounded a siren for the nose; a blast of savory fragrance pierced the air with the momentum of a gale sweeping across ten thousand miles. It was the gentlest of alarm clocks, yet unfortunately, it went off at the wrong hour, waking people up in vain. Like the vexing beauty of spring, it left one utterly helpless. Having such a \"fragrant\" neighbor was truly a form of harassment."}
{"ref": "Happiness in life is like the sugar cube used to entice a child to take medicine, and even more like the mechanical hare at a dog track used to lure dogs into racing. A few minutes or days of happiness beguile us into living out a whole life, enduring much suffering. We hope it comes, we hope it stays, and we hope it returns—these three phrases summarize the entire history of human endeavor. While we pursue and wait for it, life slips away imperceptibly. Perhaps we are merely chips to be consumed by Time, and living a whole life is nothing more than serving as a sacrificial offering for that span of years, with no real thought given to happiness at all."}
{"ref": "There is a dark olive-green silk, swept over by great black shadows, fully charged with wind and thunder. There is also a Japanese silk fabric, pale lake-green, shimmering with wood grain and water ripple motifs; at intervals, two plum blossoms the size of teacups float on the water, drawn with strokes as sharp as iron and silver, resembling the stained glass windows of a medieval chapel, where red glass is inlaid within heavy iron borders. The most common shades on the market are various nameless colors—neither green, nor grey, nor yellow—fit only to serve as backgrounds. These are neutral colors, otherwise known as protective colors, civilized colors, or mixed colors."}
{"ref": "This stems from her movements; every step she takes, every stretch of her waist, every brush of her hair, every glance, every bow of her head, and even the slight flutter of her sleeves and the light dance of her skirt—all are like the flow of honey, the gentle rippling of the breeze; how could we help but delight in them and sigh in admiration? Most lovely of all is that soft, supple waist. People of the past spoke of weeping willows in the wind, and Dream of the Red Chamber speaks of Qingwen’s \"water-snake waist,\" both describing the slenderness and flexibility of a waist; but the waist I adore is simply like Suzhou's sticky malt candy, filling my whole tongue with sweetness and my teeth with softness. With a waist so supple, her hands and feet naturally possess an air of ethereal elegance."}
{"ref": "Nearby, a few wine bottles leaned askew, with hardly any wine left in them. It is a pity that I do not drink; otherwise, taking a few sips at a moment like this would surely be a supreme enjoyment. \"Raising my cup to invite the bright moon,\" the moon would then shyly slip into your cup. A gentle breeze brushes past, and one can hear the rustling of the woods on the hills on either side. Amidst the swaying branches, the lights flicker in and out of view, just like mischievous children playing hide-and-seek with you, harmonizing with the dancing shimmers on the river surface as if performing a soul-stirring ensemble. What kind of earthly dream is this?"}
{"ref": "I can never fully explain why a bit of real sunlight shining onto a stage should produce such a sense of desolation. There is a place where art and reality superimpose, becoming blurred; it is like holding a lit match in the sunlight—faint and flickering, the pale orange flame is hardly visible, yet one feels all the more distinctly that one's own hand, there in the sunlight, is also a temporary thing... On stage, the maid sang for a while, tray in hand; with a gait of parting flowers and brushing willows, she passed through rooms and crossed countless thresholds to arrive at the study, where she bowed low to the young master, raising the tea tray to the level of her eyebrows."}
{"ref": "I saw a calico cat reclining beneath a crumbling, abandoned wall, where morning glories bloomed in a riot of lush greens and vivid purples; the cat stretched nonchalantly. In the hazy night, I saw streetlights haphazardly cast the shadow of a sidewalk utility box onto the white wall of a construction site. Intermingled with the swaying shadows of street trees—an interplay of substance and void—it looked just like the balcony where Romeo sang soft love songs to Juliet. I saw the face of the poet Zhou Mengdie; as I waved goodbye, it was perfectly framed within the small window of a departing bus, as if the entire vehicle were, with immense solemnity, serving as a picture frame for him."}
{"ref": "Just imagine that childlike heart—pure and unadorned, full of desire yet loving all things—visible there in the indistinct morning mist; yet no matter how you wave your hand to beckon it, it simply refuses to return to your chest. What a sense of \"lack\" is this? Thus, feeling stifled, Mr. Pingbo has honestly—like a gentle spring breeze whispering among the green trees—softly and intimately recounted to you his \"childhood,\" which can be recalled but not grasped. Although he cannot dwell in that \"childhood\" forever, if he can invite a few companions to wander there a while, it may slightly alleviate his sense of emptiness, so that the taste of melancholy does not perpetually cloy at the root of his tongue."}
{"ref": "You could say it is the starting point of the Chinese people’s march toward modernity; yet, what other nation, in its stride toward the modern era, has moved with steps as hasty, flustered, diffident, and chaotic as those taken in Shanghai? You could also describe it as an urban civilization that rose in opposition to agrarian civilization; yet, what other urban civilization has been, like Shanghai, perpetually coveted, disintegrated, besieged, and enveloped by such immense rural forces? In short, it is a monumental paradox: when you gaze upon its sordidness, it flares with dazzling light; when you worship its mighty power, it turns to show you a rear wall riddled with scars."}
{"ref": "However, the reality was quite the contrary. I sat there quietly, listening to the raindrops overhead. At this moment, sound prevailed over silence, and my heart was filled with immeasurable joy, as if I had drunk the nectar of immortality or sipped the elixir of enlightenment, feeling lighter than air and almost transcending the mortal world. The sound was now slow, now urgent; now high, now low; now resonant, now deep; now intermittent, now continuous. Sometimes it was like the chiming of gold and vibrating jade; sometimes like the solemn music of grand bells; sometimes like large and small pearls falling onto a jade plate; sometimes like red and white coral sinking into the sea; sometimes like the strumming of a plain zither; sometimes like the dance of thunderbolts; sometimes like a hundred birds contending in song; sometimes like a rabbit fleeing and a falcon swooping. My imagination roamed wildly, and I could not restrain myself; my heart burst with joy, and inspiration seemed to rise like the wind from beneath my pen."}
{"ref": "Surrounded by a chaotic profusion of billboards and shops, with car horns honking away, he was like the man in the ancient legend of the Golden Millet Dream; yet he had merely taken a nap and woken up, without having the dream at all—which made it all the more poignant. ... The Taoist priest walked up to a hardware store and prostrated himself. Naturally, they gave him no money, yet he behaved as if there were no one there, simply kowtowing in a daze and leaving it at that. Picking himself up, knocking a \"tok—tok—\" rhythm, he drifted to the entrance of the cigarette and paper shop next door, where he once again \"knelt in the dust.\" With his head hanging askew, his movement was a flow of black sludge, slowly opening like a black chrysanthemum."}
{"ref": "But what does that matter? Birds warble in spring, crickets chirp in autumn, and mosquitoes thunder in summer; at night, insects wake while birds sleep. Wind and rain do not occur every day; dogs do not bark without visitors, and hens do not cackle without laying eggs. Only humans use language, movement, and machinery to make sounds at any time and in any place. Even when alone in a room with no one to converse with, a man can play a gramophone or listen to the radio, and even in sleep, he emits thunderous snores. Language is, of course, not merely sound; yet, when it is offensive to the ear, unwanted, or heard indistinctly through walls or across distances, words lose their sharp edges and contours, turning into a chaotic mass of swelling and shrinking noise, as devoid of meaning as the crowing of roosters or the barking of dogs."}
{"ref": "With the passage of time, the past is gone forever; one cannot turn back to the moment of that first encounter amidst the peach blossoms. Yet in one's memory, the charm or lingering pain of the past often crashes back like a returning tide, making the present an extension of that past charm or pain, growing stronger the further one travels. If life were a blank book, pre-bound and paginated, then the intrusion of past affections is like writing on a page with too heavy a hand—the ink bleeds through to the following pages, becoming indelible. Of course, there is no need to destroy the old pages for the sake of relief, just as there is no need to destroy the Yellow Crane Tower simply because the Yellow Crane has departed. However, when unfurling these old histories under the lamp, it remains necessary to proceed where one should proceed, and stop where one must stop."}
{"ref": "The Great Northwest consists of basalt mountains where not a blade of grass grows and vast deserts where solitary plumes of smoke rise straight into the sky. You are a geologist; with a large canvas field bag slung over your shoulder, you have been roaming for twenty years. For twenty years, your tent has been like a small skiff amidst mountains and seas of sand, illuminated by the cold crescent moon. Can the tolling of the bell from Hanshan Temple outside Suzhou truly \"reach the passenger boat at midnight\"? Your wife, that flower-like beauty, is gazing toward you; a net of yearning is cast across her face as she attempts to retrieve a loving heart that has drifted far away. You return once a year, planting a cluster of bamboo by the door each time, but then you leave again, leaving her with nothing but cluster after cluster of bamboo leaves shaped like the character \"Ge\" ."}
{"ref": "If life is a blank book that has been bound and paginated in advance, the disturbance caused by past romances is like writing on a page with too heavy a hand; the ink bleeds through to the subsequent pages, becoming indelible. Of course, there is no need to destroy the old pages to find relief, just as there is no need to tear down the Yellow Crane Tower simply because the Yellow Crane has flown away. However, when spreading out these old histories under the lamplight, it is necessary to proceed where one should proceed and stop where one ought to stop.\nOnce one embraces life in its entirety, one can view both old memories and new encounters with magnanimity, giving them their deserved place and meaning. If it is a beautiful memory, one sees what new branches sprout from its buds; if it is a sorrowful one, one sees a tender shoot reaching out from a cloudy day into the sunshine."}
{"ref": "Everything feels estranged from me, and even my own shadow in the bright moonlight appears hazier than mist. I was just about to turn back to sleep when, for some reason, I hesitated a step; the fading dream, fleeting as an arrow, suddenly paused, though it immediately sped away again like a bolt released from the string."}
{"ref": "The final longing is merely for a form of aesthetic support. It is like a ship doomed to sink in an icy sea, utterly beyond salvation, raising one's eyes to gaze at the vista of roiling dark clouds; it is like facing certain death under a flurry of blades, lowering one's head to gaze at the stains of spattered blood. Aesthetic support is the mere final support."}
{"ref": "What we gather from the past and the future are but seeds. When you were a wish wandering in the mist, I too wandered therein. We sought each other out, and from our longing, dreams were born—dreams unceasing, dreams boundless."}
{"ref": "In such purity, the dish is oneself, the cook is oneself, and the one eating is still oneself.Just as love is oneself: the one aware of this love is oneself, and the one recalling it is still oneself.Savoring oneself bite by bite, across the cup of time, one becomes drunk on one's own being."}
{"ref": "My trousers clung tight, making it impossible to lift my feet. My heart was as simple as a sheet of paper, lying blank as a newborn babe.I bade farewell to the sea, and to a solitary seabird hovering in the sky; I shall return, to speak of the dust from the farthest reaches of the world.Picking up my umbrella and shoes, I took up the myriad burdens of the mortal world."}
{"ref": "It is impossible to predict. I only hope that, even as a human failing, it presents itself with proper dignity.Like the furrowed brow and heavy sigh of a noble warrior, rather than a midnight brawl among soldiers in rags; like the thousand-year standoff between two snow-capped peaks, rather than a tangle of wild vines choking a tree trunk."}
{"ref": "That night, the high plateau was breathtakingly beautiful.The sky resembled a blue ritual vessel fired during the Jingtai era of the Ming Dynasty—deep and boundless. Even through a moon as massive as a silver table, one could still discern the metallic blue sheen behind it.\nThe moonlight was no match for the sky’s plated blue; like diluted ink, it drifted in faint, ethereal strands."}
{"ref": "Watching the same movie over and over is like regurgitating a meal only to chew it again. In that instant, the tops of our heads turned golden, as if crowned with wheat awns. I recalled a character in Gorky's book saying that lovers of one's youth should never reunite; it is like a skeleton rising from the earth..."}
{"ref": "The moment I close my eyes, I think of it; the moment I open them, I crave it. Yet when all this comes rushing at me, threatening to engulf me, I find myself utterly unsure of what I truly desire. I only feel a persistent ache in my heart—as if it were being tightly constricted by silken threads, scalded by dripping candle wax, and tossed about on a vast, misty sea."}
{"ref": "The echo of your faintest sobbing shall become it. For once life is veiled, it is like your greatest souls—covered and hidden. When Life speaks, all the winds turn to words; and when Life speaks again, the smile upon your lips and the tears in your eyes will also become words."}
{"ref": "As a result, the collective cultural character grew increasingly dim. Seasons came and went; plum blossoms withered and cranes grew old. Culture became a form of aimless waste, and insular moral perfection led to an overall immorality. The forward thrust of civilization was thus nullified, leaving behind only a heap of plum petals and crane feathers—pressed like bookmarks into the annals of the national spirit."}
{"ref": "To issue a pass to the religious spirit based on the standards of science and philosophy is like courting with intellect and speculation; it inevitably stifles life's passion and drains love of its allure. To replace the religious spirit with political and economic policies is like regarding family status and wealth as the sole prerequisites for marriage—sacrificing one's children to become mere breeding machines and spiritual eunuchs."}
{"ref": "In fact, all devastation is concrete, and all grievances are hard to articulate; therefore, those answers are also open to doubt. What is beyond doubt is the aftermath—withered grass and rubble, bearing the weight of disasters from ancient times to the present. I am willing to face all of this in a perilous state without any safeguards, just like taking off my gloves to touch the scars of an elder."}
{"ref": "Now, I have written these many pages. I see myself as a child copying a passage from a long ode; the angels sang that ode when God shaped the first man. Or perhaps I am like an illiterate person memorizing a sentence from a book written by Wisdom; that book was written on the flyleaf of emotion before the dawn of time."}
{"ref": "Be it a momentous event spanning millennia or a magnificent feat bridging vast distances, if it pertains to culture, it is invariably borne by a pair of aged shoulders. Like a smuggler, like a fugitive, dodging and hiding, making secret inquiries along the way, seeking a place of entrustment. The decision to entrust is always written in a testament; thus, it is destined that one can never elucidate the cultural significance of one's own life while still alive."}
{"ref": "The outcome is beyond doubt: withered grass and rubble bearing the weight of disasters from ancient times to the present. I am willing to face all of this in a perilous situation stripped of any protection, much like removing one's gloves to stroke the scars of an elder. Such a touch often provokes deep contemplation: as the foundation of our lives, Chinese civilization is also riddled with scars, yet how has it managed to avoid a complete collapse?"}
{"ref": "Could anyone really tuck ready-made meaning into a birth certificate and hand it to you? Birth itself is inherently a demand for meaning from the one born, requiring you to seek out or establish that meaning; it is like a publishing contract with an advance on royalties, valid for a lifetime. Of course, you are not the creditor, but the debtor; it is life demanding meaning from you, so it is not your place to complain."}
{"ref": "Those uneven ink marks, those red-printed headlines, those names crossed out with an X, those rows of exclamation marks, those restrained appeals, those repeated alterations—they combine into a terrifying cacophony that rushes toward you. It is just like how a few strands of white hair on a spiderweb in the corner, or a shred of cloth amidst the withered leaves on a treetop, can instantly transport us back to that era we dare not think of again."}
{"ref": "Some land on the hair bun of a woman gathering vegetables, some cling to the swallow's black coat, and some slip into the little stream to frolic. The river, like a thousand flute-playing wanderers, accompanies the joyous singing of children just out of school. When mischievous children balance their books atop their yellow caps and carry their shoes to wade across the river, will the spore babies spring from the flute holes, latch onto the hems of the children's clothes, and finally return to the soil of their wild fern mother?"}
{"ref": "\"O soul, come back! Return to your old abode.\"\n\nWhen his Minnan dialect provoked uproarious laughter, and his Beijing dialect left people looking at each other in blank dismay, why did he never defend himself: that here, his Chu accent is as deep and secluded as the heaven and earth, the mountains and rivers, and as grand as the vast sky and the spirits?\n\nEvery syllable from the master of ceremonies was like the sound of Father reciting the *Chen Qing Biao*—plaintive and sorrowful—and every syllable inflicted a heavy wound upon you."}
{"ref": "He was too thin; his withered skin could not fill the gaps between his ribs, so the round biscuit spanned them like a steel bridge. The violent yet dull heartbeat was like a bleeding sun, burning hollowly, emitting the sounds of flames and caverns. Mei Ying had heard Yue Beizhi's heartbeat—deep and resonant, passing through well-developed muscle; that heart was like coal buried deep in the earth's crust, pulsing steadily and with perfect rhythm."}
{"ref": "Traveling from one inn to another, as one who has never taken root in mountain villages or by the waterside, what talisman is there for me to pray for? Perhaps it is youth, yet how fleeting it is. I am like one who has unearthed a treasure, carrying pearls, gold, and silver in a leaky net bag, only to find the load growing lighter along the way, as youth has already scattered into dust. Perhaps it is scriptures and classics, but how can a bellyful of learning restore the broken mirror in my hand?"}
{"ref": "In the mountain cols of his hometown, calling out to someone from afar was never done with the soft \"Hey—\" of city folk, and certainly not the feigned surprise of a Southerner's \"Wow—\"; \"Hey\" and \"Wow\" couldn't travel far before being swallowed whole by the mountains. Only a deep, heavy, drawn-out, and desolate \"E-ha—\" could soar like a goshawk, hovering long in the air. Now, as that eagle feather drifted down from the sky like mist, and an endless nostalgia—hot and searing—filled Shen Zhanping’s chest."}
{"ref": "He hurried to escape the political quagmire that even he himself had never fully understood, going to pursue the poetic spirit that had been lost for so long. Pursuing that poetic spirit meant pursuing his true self—the self that was once known throughout the land, the self his wife had held fast to, the self he thought he had found but had actually lost. On this return journey, the morning glow saw him off, the flowing river bore witness, the cries of apes offered encouragement, and ten thousand mountains made way; thus, the boat of life, which had grown increasingly heavy, transformed once again into a light skiff."}
{"ref": "Although a flight may be likened to Zhuangzi’s \"Free and Easy Wandering\" or Liezi’s journey riding upon the wind, it does not bear prolonged viewing. It cannot compare to the long journey by train, with its hypnotic rhythm and ever-changing scenery; gazing out the window, one feels simultaneously within the human world and journeying beyond it. Therefore, when traveling abroad, wherever the clanging twin rails extend, I always stand upon the platform—a \"Long Pavilion\" in the truest sense—waiting for the train, with its masculine vigor and unceasing momentum, to come thundering into the station to carry me off to distant lands."}
{"ref": "Normality stands in contrast to eminence, just as the commoner stands in contrast to officialdom. Possessing greater power of concealment than the withered grass and lush trees of the mountain forests is the act of vanishing into the ordinary life of common folk in some small town. Seclusion in the mountains still retains and flaunts a sort of aloofness, and aloof seclusion is ultimately insincere. Seclusion within the markets of a small town, however, implies no deliberate torment or ravaging of one’s life; on the contrary, one can live quite comfortably. It allows life to settle snugly into a corner that is both tranquil and convenient, almost dissolving the self from the inside out, thus becoming the highest form of concealment. Perhaps \"concealment\" is too narrow a term. Regardless, in my view, the \"small bridge, flowing water, and households\" or the \"longing for water shield soup and perch (a metaphor for homesickness in Chinese culture)\" are all ecological images of a religious philosophy of life."}
{"ref": "Vernal wind, intruder unseen, how dare you part my bed screen!"}
{"ref": "From now on, I won’t care for any lovely night;In vain on the west tower may the moon shine bright."}
{"ref": "The candle grieves to see us part, It melts in tears with burnt-out heart."}
{"ref": "You’d regret to have stolen the miraculous potion; Each night you brood over the lonely celestial ocean."}
{"ref": "Consulted thrice on state affair,He served two reigns beyond compare."}
{"ref": "The world divided into three, Shu in the west; You drove all clouds away with a plume on the crest."}
{"ref": "Hear the captive ruler’s song!How can you bear his grief for long?"}
{"ref": "Swallows which skimmed by painted eaves in days gone by; Are dipping now in homes where humble people occupy."}
{"ref": "How I miss the lakeside sage of bygone days! I see but ancient trees loom rugged in the haze."}
{"ref": "Had the east wind refused General Zhou a helping hand; His foe’d have locked his fair wife on Northern shore."}
{"ref": "A hero can’t foretell victory or defeat. Why should a loser not stand again on his feet?"}
{"ref": "Though the emperor reigned as long as forty years; She’s not so happy as a griefless maid appears."}
{"ref": "By royal order to leave palace hall; Our armored steeds besiege the Dragon Town."}
{"ref": "Why should the Mongol flute complain no willow grow? Beyond the Gate of Jade no vernal wind will blow."}
{"ref": "Our golden armor pierced by sand, we fight the foe; We won’t come back till we destroy the hostile State."}
{"ref": "The moon still shines on mountain passes as of yore. How many guardsmen of the Great Wall are no more!"}
{"ref": "Guards watch the scene of borderland; Thinking of home with wistful eyes."}
{"ref": "Shoot before a horseman his horse; Capture the chief to beat his force."}
{"ref": "A thousand feet cracked wilderness ice piles; And gloomy clouds hang sad and drear for miles and miles."}
{"ref": "In gloomy woods grass shivers at wind’s howl; The general takes it for a tiger’s growl."}
{"ref": "The desert sand looks white as snow; The crescent moon hangs like a bow."}
{"ref": "At noon they weed with hoes; Their sweat drips on the soil."}
{"ref": "A steed which raised red dust won the fair mistress’ smiles; How many steeds which brought her fruit died on the run!"}
{"ref": "My fur coat worth a thousand coins of gold; And my flower-dappled horse may be sold; To buy good wine that we may drown the woes age-old."}
{"ref": "I can’t cross Yellow River: ice has stopped its flow; I can’t climb Mount Taihang: the sky is blind with snow."}
{"ref": "Even imperial summons proudly he’d decline; Saying immortals could leave the drink divine."}
{"ref": "A marvel done by Nature’s hands; Over light and shade it dominates."}
{"ref": "I would not call back my soul lost in a sad plight,But when the cock crows, all the world will see daylight."}
{"ref": "The sky and earth forever last; Here and now I alone shed tears."}
{"ref": "The boundless forest sheds its leaves shower by shower; The endless river rolls its waves hour after hour."}
{"ref": "Successful, faster runs my horse in vernal breeze; I’ve seen within one day all flowers on the trees."}
{"ref": "Dim morning dream to be a butterfly;Amorous heart poured out in cuckoo’s cry."}
{"ref": "In boundless desert lonely smokes rise straight; Over endless river the sun sinks round."}
{"ref": "Sitting among bamboos alone; I play on lute and croon carefree."}
{"ref": "Its torrent dashes down three thousand feet from high; As if the Silver River fell from the blue sky."}
{"ref": "My window frames the snow-crowned western mountain scene;My door off says to eastward going ships “Goodbye!”"}
{"ref": "A riot of blooms begins to dazzle the eye; Amid short grass the horse hoofs can barely be seen."}
{"ref": "Four hundred eighty splendid temples still remain of Southern Dynasties in the mist and rain."}
{"ref": "A drizzling rain falls like tears on the Mourning Day; The mourner’s heart is going to break on his way."}
{"ref": "But do you know by whom these slim leaves are cut out? The wind of early spring is sharp as scissor blade."}
{"ref": "All flowers in late spring have fallen far and wide; But peach blossoms are full-blown on this mountainside."}
{"ref": "If you have friends who know your heart; Distance cannot keep you apart."}
{"ref": "If my friends in the North should ask if I’m all right; Tell them I’m free from blame as ice in crystal vase."}
{"ref": "I invite you to drink a cup of wine again; West of the Sunny Pass no more friends will be seen."}
{"ref": "I would confide no sorrow to the moon on high; For it will follow you west of the Land of Dreams."}
{"ref": "However deep the Lake of Peach Blossoms may be; It’s not so deep, Wang Lun, as your love for me."}
{"ref": "His lessening sail is lost in the boundless blue sky; Where I see but the endless River rolling by."}
{"ref": "Green, green the temple amid bamboos; Late, late bell rings out the evening."}
{"ref": "Now nearing home, timid I grow; I dare not ask what I would know."}
{"ref": "Tonight I hear the farewell song of Willow Green.To whom the tune will not nostalgic feeling bring?"}
{"ref": "The beacon fire has gone higher and higher; Words from household are worth their weight in gold."}
{"ref": "Such kindness as young grass receivesFrom the warm sun can’t be repaid."}
{"ref": "Among flowering reeds faint flute-songs rose; Startled white birds took flight in rows."}
{"ref": "At the crest of huge billows the swimmers did stand; Yet dry remained red flags they held in hand."}
{"ref": "The grass still grows north, south, east, west without end."}
{"ref": "Beyond green willows morning chill is growing mild; On pink apricot branches spring is running wild."}
{"ref": "I take early rest by the grassy lane; Still cold in late spring, I fear it will rain."}
{"ref": "At dead of night the wind is slight, your fragrance late. Who knows at dawn your branches bloom at southern gate?"}
{"ref": "How can you need the color of rose and green jade? Beside you there're no beautiful flowers but fade."}
{"ref": "If they had a heart, would they grow green and lush anew?"}
{"ref": "The dew shed by the moon would freeze; And yellow waft the plane-tree leaves."}
{"ref": "I long remember when we bade goodbye; On Northeast Tower high; The silvery moonlight looked like water bright."}
{"ref": "When I come back, the wind goes down, the bright moon paves; With emerald glass the river's waves."}
{"ref": "To find my native land only in dreams; Severed by mountains and misty streams."}
{"ref": "Could silken girdle strengthen our heart-to-heart ties? See the river rise?"}
{"ref": "I'll go my way, far, far away;  On miles and miles of misty waves where sail ships; And evening clouds hang low in boundless Southern skies."}
{"ref": "My tearful eyes ask flowers, but they fail to bring; An answer, I see red blooms fly over the swing."}
{"ref": "Amid the falling blooms alone stand; In the fine rain a pair of swallows fly."}
{"ref": "Her lonely grave is far, a thousand miles away. To whom can I my grief convey?"}
{"ref": "From night to night of you I dream. Unlike the stream you're not in view, though we both drink from River Blue."}
{"ref": "Our oath is still there. Lo! No words to her can go."}
{"ref": "The running water saw the Six Dynasties pass; But I see only chilly mist and withered grass."}
{"ref": "With a plume fan in hand, in a silk hood, so brave and bright; Laughing and jesting with his bride so fair, while enemy ships were destroyed as planned."}
{"ref": "Hearing the crane at night, the foe, taking it for war cry, fled in fright. They who prolonged the reign."}
{"ref": "And even Cao would have a son like Sun Zhongmou."}
{"ref": "To dust is gone the fame achieved in thirty years; Like cloud-veiled moon the thousand-mile Plain disappears."}
{"ref": "To see the chief aggressor's shrine worshipped mid crows and drumbeats as divine?"}
{"ref": "Come back when drank, I stroke my sword in western breeze. The surging waves still stimulate my mind ill at ease."}
{"ref": "The torrent like a whale rashes along; The mountain stands like tiger strong. The natural barrier is beyond human power."}
{"ref": "Bowers are lost in mist; Ferry dimmed in moonlight."}
{"ref": "Northwestern pipes play with sunlight; Water chestnut songs are sung by starlight; Old fishermen and maidens young all beam with smiles."}
{"ref": "The dcefields' sweet smell promises a bumper year; Listen, how frogs' croaks please the ear!"}
{"ref": "We have seen rise and fall in a hundred short years; But you and I still see the same moon appears."}
{"ref": "Deeply I sigh for the fallen flowers in vain; Vaguely I seem to know the swallows come again."}
{"ref": "In the stream below the hill there drowns the orchid bud; On sandy path between pine trees you see no mud. Shower by shower falls the rain while cuckoos sing."}
{"ref": "On plane's broad leaves a fine rain drizzles; As twilight grizzles."}
{"ref": "When swallows come and ask where spring can be seen; Only the musing pool replies with vernal green."}
{"ref": "Riding the wind, there I would fly; Yet I'm afraid the crystalline palace would be, too high and cold for me."}
{"ref": "All, all are gone like a vain dream; Turning my head in the east wind, down my tears stream."}
{"ref": "The Southern sky for miles and miles in autumn dye; And boundless autumn water spread to meet the sky."}
{"ref": "The red beans grow in southern land. How many load in spring the trees?"}
{"ref": "The west is veiled in rain, the east enjoys sunshine; My gallant is as deep in love as the day is fine."}
{"ref": "Where the two poets parted, The scene seems broken-hearted."}
{"ref": "With his exploits history is crowned; For the stone fortress he’s renowned."}
{"ref": "Gather sweet blossoms while you may; And not the twig devoid of flowers!"}
{"ref": "The setting sun seems so sublime; But it is near its dying time."}
{"ref": "How I love the third night of the ninth moon aglow! The dewdrops look like pearls, the crescent like a bow."}
{"ref": "You gather honey from flowers sweet. For whom are you busy and fleet?"}
{"ref": "Yellow clouds spread for miles and miles have veiled the day; The north wind blows down snow and wild geese fly away."}
{"ref": "The hasty rain sweeps from the hills across the rills."}
{"ref": "The rippling stream's a beaming eye; The arched brows are mountains high."}
{"ref": "After a sudden shower the trees; Dance in the breeze; A veil of mist rises with cloud screen."}
{"ref": "A passer-by; Hears a fair maiden's laughter in the garden ring."}
{"ref": "I am grieved to find you like the moon which would fain; Now wax, now wane."}
{"ref": "Then I'll bendMy bow like a full moon, and aiming northwest; I will shoot down the fierce Wolf from the sky."}
{"ref": "Water flows on and on without rest. The sun flies, suddenly it sinks in the west."}
{"ref": "Out of one's mind / Brain is fried / Short-circuited"}
{"ref": "I know you don't love me."}
{"ref": "LMAO, don't be so funny"}
{"ref": "Am I... about to go to jail?"}
{"ref": "Laughing so hard I'm honking like a goose, I literally can't stop."}
{"ref": "I'm studying like crazy."}
{"ref": "No way! I was gossiping about some drama, and it turns out it's about my own people? This is gonna be on the news!"}
{"ref": "It reeks of pretentiousness. Can't you all just fuck off to Zhihu?"}
{"ref": "Transfer me 50 to let me see your strength."}
{"ref": "You‘re just encouraging/spoiling his behavior."}
{"ref": "Don't jinx it. Top 8 is a success; Top 4 is pure ecstasy."}
{"ref": "How could anyone with 8 AMs not be unhinged?! We're just barely holding it together"}
{"ref": "Scored a deal / Snagged a bargain / Deal hunting successful"}
{"ref": "Stop at nothing to get views"}
{"ref": "Recently switched to different bag styles.\nSelling these since they're just sitting idle.\nFlawless condition. Casual sale.\nLadies, DM me if interested!"}
{"ref": "Sure, babe. DM me."}
{"ref": "Insanely handsome, giving off a bad boy vibe."}
{"ref": "Awesome! Saving this."}
{"ref": "That's so mean! / Savage"}
{"ref": "I wanted to post the others too, but there are people in all of them."}
{"ref": "Are cigars really that good to smoke?"}
{"ref": "Looking for a reliable home-raised Highland Fold."}
{"ref": "Haha, how heavy is it?"}
{"ref": "Hurry up with the news; I'm dying here."}
{"ref": "Thank you! Feel free to check out my store on Xiaohongshu (Little Red Book)."}
{"ref": "Travel is basically unaffected; it's just rain, and typhoons don't make landfall here."}
{"ref": "The teacher's group ID is in the pinned comment (QQ group); just remove the period."}
{"ref": "Feels like the match is doomed..."}
{"ref": "Dominating the vegetable market"}
{"ref": "Your pet is so sweet!"}
{"ref": "Guaranteed safe"}
{"ref": "It depends on when you go to queue/line up; if you're late, you'll have to go around (to the back of a long line)."}
{"ref": "So worth hanging around here for this package after work!!! Who gets it? Mongolian pine is such a lifesaver!!!!!"}
{"ref": "Hey beauties! Which kitchen design do you pick: left or right?"}
{"ref": "Has it started raining yet?"}
{"ref": "We took a bath yesterday! We smell so good!!"}
{"ref": "I'm not selling it; it's not worth much. I'll just start shooting some random stuff."}
{"ref": "Standard answers screw people over."}
{"ref": "At that time, there may be only this work."}
{"ref": "Truly the GOAT"}
{"ref": "I’ve been super intuitive since I was little."}
{"ref": "Studying makes me want to die :)"}
{"ref": "Female college student? Or already working?"}
{"ref": "Gen Z boss"}
{"ref": "Wuyi Road: 1 Bedroom, 1 Living Room with Double Balconies for Rent 60 sqm, broadband internet included. Fully furnished with appliances; a brand-new washing machine is provided complimentary with a long-term lease. Equipped with a brand-new Haier water heater (Grade 1 energy efficiency, mobile app controlled). Equipped with a brand-new Xiaomi air conditioner (Grade 1 energy efficiency). This is a first-time rental; the property has never been rented out before.\nPrice: Long-term lease (1 year), quarterly payment (1 month deposit, 3 months rent): 1,000 RMB/month Monthly payment (1 month deposit, 1 month rent): 1,100 RMB/month"}
{"ref": "I’m a non-law major and won’t finish my internship until the end of May. I haven't even finished the first round of review yet. Is it necessary to sign up for a prep class? I’m really torn."}
{"ref": "Working in the western region is manageable, but taking a job in Guangdong makes you the ultimate wage slave. You get absolutely no benefits at all—just your status as a fresh graduate. You’d be far better off working as a security guard while studying for your exams."}
{"ref": "My speaking is terrible, and so is my listening! The reason I didn't pass my French exam was precisely because of these two sections. But IELTS is definitely harder than CET-4 and CET-6, so I'm afraid I won't be able to pull my score up."}
{"ref": "Virtually all Xiaomi Home stores offer in-store subsidies, so the final price is actually a great deal. Besides, you don’t need to fuss too much over the price—being overly hesitant won’t get you anywhere. Dragging yourself through endless mental loops just to make a purchase isn’t worth it at all. This is just a suggestion, though! If you’re interested in a Xiaomi tablet, I’ll DM you."}
{"ref": "If your osmanthus looks like it’s on its last legs, don’t rush to chop it down for firewood. Just water it with this solution—it can quickly activate the plant’s root cells and promote growth.\nThis is Bacillus subtilis. Dilute one spoonful in about one kilogram of clean water and water the osmanthus with it. Before long, you’ll notice that the roots become stronger, the leaves turn a deep, glossy green, and it starts blooming much faster.\nUse it on a half-dead bougainvillea, and it will spring back to life; water struggling orchids, and new shoots will push out rapidly. It works on almost any flowers or houseplants at home that aren’t growing well."}
{"ref": "Selling books to recoup some cash! Calling all juniors admitted to Rehabilitation Therapy—these are your semester essentials. I'm selling them cheaper than Pinduoduo, and they include study notes for this semester. Free delivery to your dorm building for Changchun University students; self-pickup required for other schools (directly accessible via Weixing Square Metro Station). First come, first served. Limited quantity available."}
{"ref": "Mainly active on QQ. I'm not very active on WeChat, but feel free to add me there too."}
{"ref": "For people like that, their families have already taken care of everything. Even though it’s the same permanent position, the experience is worlds apart—ordinary people still have to work like beasts of burden. Sigh."}
{"ref": "Open one near Southwest University!!! Full support!!! Here‘s wishing there would be one near Southwest University!!!"}
{"ref": "Sis... where I live, two cups of coffee don't even cost 37.8."}
{"ref": "Babe, where in Hebei are you? It's not free shipping, but if you're close to Baoding, the postage won't be expensive."}
{"ref": "I had my tooth pulled today. My jaw hurts a lot, the right side of my face is a bit swollen, and I ate porridge."}
{"ref": "🌍🪄 Global Reporting Day"}
{"ref": "My mother tongue is speechlessness."}
{"ref": "My Internet spokesperson is here!"}
{"ref": "Tempted again! My wallet is crying!"}
{"ref": "How come they have these cheesy micro-dramas abroad too?"}
{"ref": "This ice cream tastes terrible! The brand is a scam, isn't it?"}
{"ref": "He looks like he's asleep, but actually, he passed away a while ago."}
{"ref": "The quality of my WeChat contact list is really poor; I need to do a thorough cleanup today."}
{"ref": "That little kitten is literally the definition of a cutie pie; it completely melted my heart."}
{"ref": "This isn't just a screw-up anymore; it's a disaster of epic proportions."}
{"ref": "Throw him out."}
{"ref": "They are even more terrifying: clinging on to hype a ship, playing the victim to purify the fanbase, and spreading rumors to abuse others. It's a tri-fold; no matter how you fold it, it's disgusting."}
{"ref": "It’s getting too competitive 🐶 but I only want 5.2. How does Your Excellency intend to respond?"}
{"ref": "Sensei, you draw so well. Be careful of perverts trailing you; I actually lost track of the one I was following last night."}
{"ref": "Need a helper!! Help once, I'll return twice!! Instant reply, lots of accounts!! Just need one last person!"}
{"ref": "Congratulations to Ne Zha 2 for topping the global animation box office!! Go, Ne Zha, go!"}
{"ref": "Pls don't ghost me! I've basically DM'd everyone I saw. I'll be arranging the queue based on the order of successful communication."}
{"ref": "I really want to tell her: \"We're both old foxes here, so cut the act.\""}
{"ref": "Babe, read the room. Hurry up and delete this."}
{"ref": "A piece of glass fell down. Guess what it said? \"Goodnight, I'm shattered!\""}
{"ref": "No, Your Majesty! It was I who seduced him first. If you must behead someone, behead me alone!"}
{"ref": "Huh??? That's so ridiculous, I’ve gotta go check it out no matter what (rebellious mode)."}
{"ref": "Holy shit, I'm physically gagging. I'm about to throw up my breakfast."}
{"ref": "Actually, I get my merch at dirt-cheap factory prices. I have the contact info; I can give it to you and introduce you to some really cheap goods."}
{"ref": "Badmouthing her here is obviously more hurtful than just deleting her directly. Is she going to put you on blast if you delete her?"}
{"ref": "It didn't even say \"cockroach,\" it listed \"Periplaneta americana,\" but alas, everyone is just too well-informed."}
{"ref": "The boiling water is too hot, I dare not drink it; the human heart is too cold, I dare not touch it."}
{"ref": "LMAO, I even gave DeepSeek an ENFP persona."}
{"ref": "World's Oldest Great Wall (Defense Against the State of Lu) Zhangqiu Scallions: Height Competition \"Pulling Scallions from the Ground\""}
{"ref": "Umm, sorry, but they are famous internationally. They don't go on variety shows or buy trending searches, they just focus on making music and holding concerts, which is probably why you haven't heard of them. You're stuck in an echo chamber."}
{"ref": "A trash shop that breaks its promises and refuses to ship in-stock items. What an eye-opener — having stock but not shipping is just being a total jerk. I can't understand it."}
{"ref": "God's-eye view of a baseline rally 👀 When the sound of cannons rings out on the court 🎾"}
{"ref": "Vanilla Pink Scum"}
{"ref": "It's a completely different situation in the liberal arts fields. There are only two of us under our supervisor in this cohort—one professional master's student and one academic master's. Our supervisor is ill, so we are basically \"free-range\" and receive little to no support. Scholarships are managed by the school and have nothing to do with our research group. The two of us often get together to gossip [doge]. Also, since we both have just average relationships with our roommates, we’ve actually become super close with each other. Our relationship with the senior students in the group is also amazing."}
{"ref": "I really can't imagine how smooth a brain must be to say something like that. I have absolutely no desire to reply, so I deleted all their comments and blocked them."}
{"ref": "Bioengineering undergraduate from a lower-tier Project 985 university: Grad school or Civil Service?\nSeeking advice."}
{"ref": "Hey little bro? Haha. Come to my DMs/come to the backstage. Come on, I dare you."}
{"ref": "My iPhone is burning up now that summer is here. Help me out! How about a Japanese-language unboxing video, babes? If there are no views, I'm never filming again."}
{"ref": "Right now, QQ server, I'm bored and can't sleep.\nRequirements are simple: human, alive, can voice chat.\nI main Mid, currently King 2-Stars. I love playing Diaochan—I suck but I'm addicted. I take a chill approach to ranking; if you tilt easily when losing, don't pressure me. I'm just here to rank up and have fun."}
{"ref": "LMAO hahahaha so cute"}
{"ref": "Special offer: 62 (shipping not included). Due to the special material of the movie card, imperfections are unavoidable; please only purchase if you accept this. Transactions via Xianyu or WeChat are accepted."}
{"ref": "Following, even though I'm away at school most of the time."}
{"ref": "At-home photo poses mastered"}
{"ref": "Are all American cats the same?"}
{"ref": "Big Orange: Forget the ends of the earth... the distance between us is the Sun and Neptune..."}
{"ref": "Electronics are considered second-hand once unboxed, and second-hand means 20% of the value. I'll take it for 6k."}
{"ref": "Teacher, following you!"}
{"ref": "Going home for Chinese New Year and running into a \"gossipy\" auntie, the first thing to do is shout:\n\"Promoted! Promoted! I got promoted!\""}
{"ref": "I've only watched half of all of these. I'll probably finish watching Mujica, though."}
{"ref": "Yeah, I totally didn't miss you tonight either."}
{"ref": "Go ahead and have one; you'll be stunned into silence."}
{"ref": "So, how many [diapers] does one normally go through in a month? Is raising a child really that expensive?"}
{"ref": "Does anyone else get that profound sense of salvation/redemption from seeing these five legends show up here?"}
